Docs: Rework of Contributing.md (#2278)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/contributing.md

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome. We have a few requests for new contributors:

* **Follow styling guidelines.**
We have designated styling guideline to ensure uniformity and ease of communication. Please take a look at 
the [styling documentation](/docs/style.md).

> * **Ensure that all changes are covered by unit tests.** 
> It is strongly recommended that unit tests are used to avoid regression and to ensure everything is still working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Ensure that all changes are covered by unit tests.** 
It is strongly recommended that unit tests are used to avoid regression and to ensure everything is still working.
```
Imo those two sentences are confusing when combined as they say different things about the same thing.
Maybe "Ensure that **critical** changes are covered by unit tests." Worlds currently can do whatever, basically, and so does javascript because we have no test framework for that.

If you wish to contribute by adding a new game, please take a look at the [logic unit test documentation](/docs/world%20api.md#tests).
If you wish to contribute to the website, please take a look at [these tests](/test/webhost).

* **Do not introduce unit test failures/regressions.**
Archipelago supports multiple versions of Python. You may need to download older Python versions to fully test
your changes. Currently, the oldest supported version is [Python 3.8](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-380/). 
It is recommended that automated github actions are turned on in your fork to have github run all of the unit tests after pushing.

> You can turn them on here:

Reviewer: To make the picture appear on a new line
```suggestion
You can turn them on here:  
```

![Github actions example](./img/github-actions-example.png)

Other than these requests, we tend to judge code on a case by case basis. For contribution to the website, please refer to

> [this document](/WebHostLib/README.md).

Reviewer: The website part should probably be a bullet point above. Maybe merged with other sub-docs as in

* **Check available documentation**
  * For the website see ...
  * For adding a game see ..., ... and ...

If you think that actually reduces readability, then the website "extras" should be separated out the same way that we reference world docs.

Author: I think I will separate it on a new sentence, thanks for noting it.

Author: Done

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome. We have a few requests for new contributors:

* **Follow styling guidelines.**
  Please take a look at the [code style documentation](/docs/style.md)

>   to ensure uniformity and ease of communication.

Reviewer 2: Minor: This text is indented by two spaces when the following bullet point aren't. Note in either case, Markdown will combine the following lines with the above bullet point into one paragraph / list item. I assume this is intentional.

Reviewer: yeah, this what i meant by

> The other bullet points are also missing proper indentation.

The other listings should be fixed as well.

>   Please take a look at the [code style documentation](/docs/style.md)
>   to ensure uniformity and ease of communication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Please take a look at the [code style documentation](/docs/style.md)
  to ensure ease of communication and uniformity.
```

I don't know why this is standing out to me so much now, but it looks really weird with "ease of communication" second.

> We have designated styling guideline to ensure uniformity and ease of communication. Please take a look at 
> the [styling documentation](/docs/style.md).

Reviewer: This can be made a shorter and clearer, also indentation
```suggestion
  Please take a look at the [code style documentation](/docs/style.md)
  to ensure uniformity and ease of communication.
```

* **Ensure that critical changes are covered by tests.** 
It is strongly recommended that unit tests are used to avoid regression and to ensure everything is still working.
If you wish to contribute by adding a new game, please take a look at the [logic unit test documentation](/docs/world%20api.md#tests).
If you wish to contribute to the website, please take a look at [these tests](/test/webhost).

* **Do not introduce unit test failures/regressions.**
Archipelago supports multiple versions of Python. You may need to download older Python versions to fully test
your changes. Currently, the oldest supported version is [Python 3.8](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-380/). 
It is recommended that automated github actions are turned on in your fork to have github run all of the unit tests after pushing.
You can turn them on here:  
![Github actions example](./img/github-actions-example.png)

Other than these requests, we tend to judge code on a case by case basis. 

> 
> For contribution to the website, please refer to [this document](/WebHostLib/README.md).
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

For contribution to the website, please refer to the [WebHost README](/WebHostLib/README.md).

```

If you want to contribute to the core, you will be subject to stricter review on your pull requests. It is recommended
that you get in touch with other core maintainers via the [Discord](https://archipelago.gg/discord).

If you want to add Archipelago support for a new game, please take a look at the [adding games documentation](/docs/adding%20games.md), which details what is required 
to implement support for a game, as well as tips for how to get started.
If you want to merge a new game into the main Archipelago repo, please make sure to read the responsibilities as a 

> [world maintainer](/docs/world%20maintainer.md).  

Reviewer 2: "please make sure to read the responsibilities as a world maintainer" is a little awkward. Consider one of:
* please make sure to read the responsibilities **of** a world maintainer
* please make sure to read **your** responsibilities as a world maintainer

Reviewer 3: "please make sure to read the [responsibilities as a world maintainer documentation]"

I think that would be the most clear here.

Author: I will consider those changes

Reviewer: anything?
